hello everyone this is not lyon ligue
episode 1 it's everything
that hotline league is it no calls no
enthusiam Cal be enthusiastic intro no
guests no special video so I just have
to go like not line League is brought to
you by your donation buddy and twitch
Prime subs which is none of you fuckers
on YouTube watching right now though I
do on YouTube I do put a link to the
twitch channel in the hopes that people
will twitch prime sub and sometimes it
happens they have ad blocker on yeah
they all have ad blocker on you're dead
to me
my you know I use my you to endorse it
right and I don't know if I shouldn't
say this but I I would really I would
almost certainly not need sponsors the
way I do and I love my sponsors but I
like I would spend need to spend far
less time looking for sponsors in a
world where nobody ran adblock on
YouTube because I would just make a
bajillion dollars yeah I do like the
idea that some people are using that but
anyway if you're tuning in if you're
watching this on youtube if you're
watching if you just tuned into the
twitch page which I need to tweet out we
marked you want explain why we're doing
this yep so Travis messaged me at 3 p.m.
I was really tired and looking for an
excuse to not do hotline League tonight
and what we came up with was that
there's only been one day of playing so
far EU hasn't played there's not that
much newts necessarily react to so it's
just awkward to do one in the middle
where we don't know the outcomes so
we're gonna do one Thursday after the
initial group stage of planes is done
that is when the next actual hotline
link will be and in the meantime we
still want to talk on Monday like we
normally do as well as like there is
enough stuff to kind of cover so we'll
do some of that and we'll probably pull
some questions from twitch at just like
look at and bring up but we're probably
not going to bring on callers we're not
on discord yeah so this is just it's
supposed to be hopefully just a more
casual hangout session talking about
stuff and then
again on Thursday if everything goes
well we should be doing a hotline League
at the regular time for a p.m. Pacific
so hopefully you can catch it out there
I just felt bad like part of the problem
is I am like worlds has started kind of
and I just my youtube channel is nothing
so we can talk about it here what what
how what did you think of last night
mark let's just start there you run from
a game standpoint or from like
everything else standpoint let's
actually let's start with a everything
else standpoint because this was your
first time being you've never had you
done anything with rads before I don't
think so because last time the LPL
person on planes at Worlds was rusty
mm-hmm
the semi Stratus and I I remember shock
said such she'd never met you before I
think right did she say that we we met
for the late-night League oh you guys
forgot maybe she did forget yes but the
first time working with both of them
what was that like for you it was pretty
good I think we it's interesting working
with like a different analyst desk and
like how they value things and like what
stuff you like that they don't like and
vice-versa
so that's pretty cool till I just have
new perspectives brought in in terms of
like flow I think we all get along
pretty well so it was a pretty easy nice
and what okay let's just transition
straight into the games like what did
you think of the games games are
actually much better than I feel like
they usually are for planes because
usually it's like the number one seed
smashes the number two and three seed
and then the two and three seed have
like that monkey wrench fight with
everyone else around them and that
didn't really happen mostly because LGL
made it fun and so we had ended up
getting you know three fun games because
of that yeah I so for context for
everybody and I'm gonna get flame for
this but I made it I made it all the way
to the third game and then fell asleep I
just couldn't do it and of course you
didn't watch the vods for this show no
because I
I wish I could explain to people how
hectic this week is but now I'm gonna go
back I probably won't watch the G wrecks
and chaos latin gamers or the gambit
match but I will I do want to watch the
the cloud 91 because I heard it was
explosive yeah it was yeah so first they
played kaboom and they kind of pooped on
them they got picked off a couple of
times it's a little sketchy but for the
most part they crushed them and then
that was the first game of the day then
they were also was it the second to last
game of the day or something for Cena
yeah they were second last and they play
detonation who a lot of people usually
the ljl kind of sucks even though people
I feel like people really want LGL to do
well because people like Japan and
there's a bunch of weeds and stuff yeah
I think that's basically it's like
everyone loves Japan and they want them
to do well and every year someone tries
to hype them up to me they're like every
international event and usually they
shit the bed riff travels they did okay
but that's rich rivals and it's not
quite the same prestige and so coming in
I have pretty low expectations of them
they also play a bunch of weird stuff so
it's hard to get a feel but then they
actually came out and crushed it against
c9 using some interesting picks and c9
felt like they were experimenting a
little bit but like they still were in a
position to lose that game for the vast
majority of it and only one because like
you know detonation made one or two
mistakes when they were making good
plays yeah I I wonder if that will be
like if detonation will actually be good
this this groups because that would be
pretty hype I mean I obviously I want
cloud 9 and GT to make it out because I
think you know they're they're such it's
it'd be weird to tell a story of a world
with only two from an A or two for me or
two from both but I think seeing more of
these wild-card teams I'm sad that
gambit lost a little bit because I think
that they have the potential to be very
interesting right like it's that old
moscowfive + Albus knocks like mash up
essentially yeah I mean everyone wants
them to be good base off name-value
alone yeah but they usually struggle to
be better than any of the major region
teams
you know so it's it's not like a loss in
terms of gameplay and like to be fair if
you follow those other major regions I'm
sure like LPL fans would much rather
have them than gambit yeah
even though Travis prolly doesn't give a
shit about EBG yeah I don't know he did
use big enough that you'd want them in
there yeah I think so would you like I
think China you want all the try to
tease for the health of the eSport
you're like though of all the Chinese
teams in fact could we get a fourth it
that would be great
so I don't know I think it'd be cool and
like there's people on that that team
like clearlove that have been around for
such a long time and it's like it's nice
to have that blend of like I love the
players that are just been around
forever but I don't know I you were
gonna ask me something which is like
what what top region would I not have go
through right if you had to pick an
upset to happen like let's say we all
want Japan to go through who would you
then want them to be beating I don't
know what I'm sorry what are my what are
the expected teams to get out our G Rex
c9 g 2 and EDG i mean i guess that would
be G Rex then because I want the other
three yeah like I don't know I'm looking
at the roster right now on the I'm
trying to pull it up it's by the way
earlier some people were saying we're
spamming spoilers yes unsurprisingly
this video and conversation discussing
Worlds results will have spoilers in it
I apologize to be fair we didn't say
anything at the beginning so from now on
it'll be entirely spoiler free while I
talk about the results there I will no
longer spoil the results as we talk
about them really yeah that's impossible
but I'm gonna do it yeah I was gonna say
though this is a spoiler free zone
everyone c9 sto grx sto gumiho who said
I I don't I didn't tell you this mark
but last night I tried to get gumiho to
come on the show Xander and Xander said
no he couldn't
and yet he's actively in chat right now
trying to defend grx he's like it's a
dinosaur and there's a Canadian juggler
that speaks four languages then we got
awfully here I was kidding just because
I know you haven't watched group dgx is
actually a pretty cool storyline with
empty yeah do we want
oddly says hey put me in and let's talk
Japan awfully a few a few if now Emily's
here look what is very clear what time
is sitting in Korea it's like early
morning 10:00 here's the thing I'm down
with awfully coming in and she's
actually gonna say anything but if she's
basically just gonna be like I love
Japanese food I love anime I don't think
we that's true what is she gonna talk
about Japan I just I mean it'd be
interesting to have but then like we
could we could have them pop in on
discord or something I don't care yeah I
don't
yeah you're right it needs to be
meaningful yeah cuz otherwise we're
gonna be here forever and I'm not trying
to be here forever yeah alright well
we'll figure that out oh she's so he
doesn't have a mic okay problem solved
that was a close one
oddly be here well you probably can't
cuz you'll have a call no wait
Thursday's our day off so you should be
here Thursday yeah with a microphone and
then we'll have you on for the actual
hotline League okay so in four minutes
I'm gonna explosively blow through all
of the subs and
the donations and the bits so if you got
any we'll do this periodically because
there's not a natural break in this cuz
we're not doing calls so if you want to
be part of that load of subs that I'll
be reading out please just make sure you
get into the next four minutes or so
closely read this load they're like
halfway through that sentence I decided
to just lean into it and the new
reaction so I just went for it more okay
so let's talk about tonight so first off
mark I should ask you and I mean I don't
think anyone will fault you like how how
up-to-date are you on all these
different teams because it seems like
it's insane to have to like learn about
all these different teams
pretty up-to-date so I've watched every
single team regional qualifying run
whatever that was so like if they're the
one seat I watch their finals and
probably their semi-finals
some teams I haven't if I already know
them a little bit better like I didn't
ReWalk c9 I watched I didn't watch g2
but I kind of already knew it was going
on there yeah and then the stats team
and some other people that riot come up
with like these like you know five page
basically documents about the team's
generally that you can just read like
interesting story stuff with I go to the
league pedia pages I read all that so
like I know all the major story beats
for the team's historically this season
as well as have watched a couple hours
of everyone's games okay so you're
you're pretty up-to-date it was very
funny as I know that a lot of the people
were like ahead of where else and I
don't know if he's still in chat but
they were like I got it I got a hit ups
and or I got a hit of xander got to talk
to Xander he's the guy with the goods
you know like I think in those dockets
I'm pretty sure it's Andrew was quoted a
couple times really yeah like I'm pretty
sure the stats team reached out to
Xander it's just funny because like
Xander's like throughout the entire year
you all mock my regions the places I'm
most interested in and then here you are
in front of me begging for the stats and
the info hey hey I said when that guy
called in and said LMS should get
promote demoted from a major region to
an emergent region dice I said if that's
the case than na shit to them no no no I
know I just I but what is true is that
like if he was to do a show about LMS
like nobody would pay attention to it
during the rest of the year but then
this part of the year like all the
analysts and experts and there was just
like give me the goods all right so
let's do actually here I'll just shout
out all those subs and everybody really
quickly and then we'll do I'll ask you
for your predictions for tonight which I
guess I don't know is it bad for you to
give them to me because you have to give
them on the broadcast no I'm not doing
broadcast oh that's right that's right
sorry I forgot
all right where are we Coco Sanchez Rico
suave filler arc happy llama 99 grilled
potato broken heel observer 2018 ventus
official mr. Pappas with the hunter bits
Arnel 0:03 you see if dear the dogs
whose dogs you those is just coming in
through the window I'm on like oh hi up
floor and those dogs are like and that's
with your window closed no the window is
open but like I'm I'm not facing the low
road I don't know there's looking throw
a kid crying so I don't know what's
happening
UCF xanthe subbed ESN Josh Chris sooth
Kawasaki's insulin shot poison by V G B
462 I fear in iodine it's porcupine and
Vaughn stretch alright we're back every
spamming dog emotes alright
a goofy says lol M s sucks okay
sub Bob Lee and she does him a mic oh
she figured it out okay should we she
should alright let's join discord I'll
just mute all right I'm you myself on
skype
[Music]
Oh still doing the flicker thing isn't
it
hi hello okay cool
we're good we need a wobbly to join the
discord does she even have discord she's
been on the show before
well I'm but she's on like a work
computer somewhere I mean if she didn't
think this far ahead yeah join discord
oddly Holly join discord
I don't hate awfully I hate anyone who's
trying to take my time away from talking
that's true oh no that's ovie that
wobbly it's over oddly with him could
you view the stream probably yeah I can
do that okay you almost blew out my
eardrums how is house korea koreas cool
everything is Korean couldn't say that
you know I wasn't expecting that but I
thought food place would stay open later
and there's not a lot of you you were
struggling with that I got locked in a
furniture store in the mall attached to
the train station and I panicked they
were turning all the lights off on me so
I was just running around trying to find
it exit they had to go down like four
floors go out through a bookstore climb
through a window so it was an experience
what were you doing in a furniture store
so late at night okay so the furniture
store is attached to the food store and
I was looking for more to the
restaurants but I was looking for like
another restaurant that said it was
across from the furniture store so I
walked through the furniture store and
all I found were couches and then when I
like a screw it and I walked back to the
restaurant they lock the door that
would've been so bad slept on a couch
until open you know yeah right so that
was that was the bet and I was like the
back-up plan so was this when was this
like when you first got there or after
the thing or what
that was not last night yeah the night
before so my first official none get off
a plane night full day night
say it was a who was an experienced nice
well how did you how do you feel about
your your I don't know on-air stuff
because you were really nervous oh yeah
I was I was very very nervous but I mean
luckily we started the day off with
reapered and sneaky who I absolutely
love talking to I don't think this
sneaky interview went through because we
had some technical issues but still
great talking to him and honestly
everyone was so nice and it went really
well even though we have you know
translators that were working with I
actually messed up big time when I was
talking to a stitch from Rex jerks isn't
stitches IG works
yes yeah yes I forgot to let home in
translate one of the questions and I
just asked the next question luckily we
had enough time to redo it the new
format that we're doing it in so what is
the new format can you speak to that or
is it a production secret I think it's a
production secret okay that's we have
time travel yeah time travel basically
okay was that a cat creeping can I help
you I thought this is awfully talking
about Japan time okay yeah sorry so talk
to me did you have you Oh mark does have
a kid om you myself go forward yeah
so have you had a chance to talk to any
of the other people or what yeah like
machines or whatever but like you are
you like oh I talked to so-and-so from
the LGL team and that's so nice or blah
blah oh yeah well I've been catching
reapered kind of back and forth between
going from the players lounge and then
like the makeup room bathroom area cuz
everything's kind of connected in the
studio and every single time I see on
like teams for good teams ready like
what's going on
and after that a game versus detonation
I just walked watched him walk by I'm
like reapered are you good and he's like
oh so easy yeah but no super sad because
I did talk to serous from the LJ
laughter they after their win against
the boom and he we had an audio issue so
we couldn't put it out but he had some
really great thoughts on kind of like
why you shouldn't underestimate Japan
how they're basically Trent here trying
to prove themselves as a region prove
themselves as competitors and then a
little bit about his super expansive
shampoo because in their game versus
kaboom kaboom immediately got rid of us
two main picks hi Marin zigs because
they're like it's crew that we don't
want to play against that but then when
c9 let the cigs through and then he
blind picked it was like hi and he did
really well with it he died until
probably they're like the last 5-10
minutes of the game
okay the the true question oh good I was
gonna say uh we're back where we were I
think it was javis was hanging out and
he's like how many solo kills does
Jensen get or like or I figure we said
something like like what are the odds he
gets a solo kill between six and eight
minute there are level 6 in hey or
something and we're all like almost 100%
and then service actually did pretty
good in the matchup yeah I mean it's
really surprising considering like every
single international tournament that ljl
sounds like a representative - they just
they just eat it they go like oh and
foreign planes I think that's what it
was last year from rampage they went oh
and four one and four and MSI or
whatever the last thing they were in
just yeah so no one expects anything
from them I saw everyone on the analyst
desk like totally predicted them to lose
both games but I mean that last game vs
cloud 9 was way too close and I mean it
looks like until that very last
teamfight it looked like they were gonna
take it so I was I was screaming in the
makeup room this is the year of Japan
but so close but what anyone start for
them and you're rooting for them because
you like Japanese culture II know
I mean that game was really hard because
I I can't root for anyone but you know
my heart is with cloud nine na but but
then it doesn't sound like you're
rooting you're like I can't root for
anyone but my heart's on cloud nine my
heart is with the players my heart was
with the players okay listen cuz then my
heart is also with detonation because I
I really want to see a Japanese team
just start off - oh because that would
be the greatest that would have been the
greatest start that Japan has ever had
in worlds or in an international
competition and that to me would have
been incredibly high I was kind of down
with it just because in shocks made fun
of me later for the spells like even if
you know cu9 loses this they'll still
get the two seed and then we can maybe
knock out g2 or EDG here because I feel
like that's easier to do then get out of
Group B so I was like whatever if we
lose I don't care yeah well you never
know so here's the important question
which of the teams that are there any
players that speak English wait what do
you mean yeah I mean some of them were
able to speak just very slight
conversational I don't think I haven't
met anyone who was completely fluent
okay it's just it makes my it easier for
me to interview so if they make it out
and then I'd be able to interview them
um well I was gonna ask something else
that was really brilliant tonight can't
remember now but I don't know do you
think it's gonna happen
can they get through either of you I
think they can I think you know the game
bursts kaboom was really really close
and it basically came down to a barren
steal for like winning but there's a lot
of pressure on kaboom and even if kaboom
beats them and they both lose the scene
I and then they have to play a
tiebreaker I'm pretty sure and then
that's still like you know kaboom has to
basically to owe them in a single day so
I still think donation or the favorites
now and they look good
yeah all right mark to have any
questions probably you guys are on you
guys are on the same show but on
opposite sides of the world so I don't
know if there's like an interesting you
guys probably haven't had a chance to
talk no but that's okay okay all right
I'll just fucking go back into what's
the Elsi case to do like oh yeah Park
law part oh it's really cool so I didn't
know that this was gonna be like the
complete grand opening of everything it
is swagged out I don't think you could
have seen it on the broadcast I mean
he's at the opening where he was like
walking around crystal gem yeah yeah but
they have this one little section in the
hallway where they have each team's
jerseys kind of like hung up and then
underneath and they have 3d printed
figures of all of the players on each
team so it's like you have the SKT
Jersey and then you have like a little
mini faker there and we were joking
because we're like okay all of those are
gonna be gone by the end of this week
people are just gonna yank them off or
something yeah
you're joking about theft and vandalism
yeah I mean wouldn't you want to have a
minifigure I think that's disgusting but
if somehow you end up with extra ones
and they make that's cool it's neat that
they have a name for this ours is just
like the NA LCS studio it's neat that
they called it lo park yeah I mean
technically they call this they call any
of the battle arena well yeah yeah I
don't think they do they actually call
it that on broadcast they call it
internally but that was they did that
because there was the battle arena in
the battle theater yeah whenever I did
MVP interviews and hanging up banners
and everything it's hanging up a banner
in the battle arena battle arena like
over and over battle arenas dumb we
should call them we should call ours
Hall
I mean I think too is Lawrence Arc is
like more than just like thing like it
feels like there's a lot of shit there
well yeah is there something they built
into it there's the PC bong literally
right across from it so the entire
fitting is Lowell Park so it's like a
more of an experience than just hey
let's go to LCS well let's do that
we have Riot Games across the street
dude yeah but nobody can go hang out at
Riot Games I can cool kids can yeah
Travis can't that's why he's mad sellout
scandal yeah well I anyway
anything else probably any cool tidbits
from like being just able to talk to
teams and players about anything um it's
always hard with newer I guess players
that I haven't met before because I
can't you know just go up to liquor I
should be like dude that last game what
happened with any of the newer players
but I mean everyone is so nice and
talkative and I always just camp out the
makeup room to try to catch people on
their way in and out everyone on
detonation focused me is so nice so
that's why I'm kind of a little bit
rooting them on even though I can't room
for them in my heart but I'm just gonna
keep watching what cloud 9 is doing
behind the scenes because I want to know
how they're kind of assessing everything
with their rookies how the rookies are
handling it I know the blabber is
usually always nervous he said he was
super nervous in that last game
yesterday so I want to see how they do
speaking of not supposed to be rooting
for people how do we feel about rooting
for na on broadcast or something oh like
should you guys be allowed to brute like
the analyst desk or whatever yeah so
made a reddit thread those like I'm glad
to see mark on the international stage
or whatever and then most of it was
positive but there was actually a fair
amount of like downloaded comments that
were look oh he's too biased okay so
what time what do you think this thread
went out Oh exactly so this is I get
fine I made this comment on reddit and
got flamed to hell for saying it
but like you if you make comments or you
talk about North America stuff during
you reddit hours you're just gonna go
bad but you know like if de fishy or
quickshot we're sitting there like oh ho
you're up it's amazing Raw on podcast
people would be like man I love that
part we're deficient we're like oh ho
you're a bowl on cat you know like
people are whatever so I think it's
great I think it's it's like being a fan
of your region is good I think if you
let that influence your opinion of your
region yeah in terms of quality that's
me roblem but like I shit on any all the
time yeah so I don't think which by the
way by the way now that I've said this
in the comments as there was on the red
thread they're gonna be like traps you
should not lump all EU people and
together I am a European and I do not do
that I am happy to have mark I'm not
saying that I'm just saying it's a more
likely chance let's no no I think Europe
is just one big homogenized culture
right okay so I had a similar thing the
last night with the thing where I was
like the I assume as cloud 9 one I said
oh who like North America has got the
only team that's got a positive record
or whatever and I I just it you just
know that you're really gonna be
tweeting all this stuff in the middle of
the night when North America sleep and
like all the international people will
get angry at you of supporting North
America and stuff it's just funny I
think it's actually great when like
someone's team wins you come back to the
ad and like whether it's very us or me
your spawn res just being like buck yeah
yeah you know by the way in four more
minutes I will read off more subs since
we don't have a national break I'll just
do it once every 20 minutes and that's
super nice that people are doing that
because I lost like a hundred subs last
night no what happens is so I was like
15 15 subs away from 1300 and I'm like
actively streaming and I've got like a
sub counter going and it starts going
backward
even though people are saying subs
because it was must have been like
exactly one month since the last hotline
League like I'm a student streaming at
the same time as a hotline League so all
those hot line League subs were expiring
and the people were trying to hit me get
me the close to 1300 but I just kept
losing them it was very sad yeah let's
see what else how about them leaving the
arena crowd noise on for over half the
first game I think they want to leave
the arena crowd noise on right yeah I
actually was gonna ask what you thought
I thought the mix for the most part was
really really good there was yeah well I
ain't sure Oh or maybe two intros I
noticed we're like you could hear the
Korean customers announce it wasn't just
the Korean casters it was like they
would introduce the team's the first
time they played on stage that day and
so like I think that's what was that
happens that happens in the regular
broadcast of all the time though like
you you hear that stuff that stuff gets
picked up whenever they're in the arena
anyway and I think it's kind of cool
whenever you have like you're in China
and you've got the casters in the
background you hear like what you
definitely don't want to hear it's like
they're casters over the top of your
casters so if that was happening and I
missed it then that's not great but if
there's like the analyst desk and in the
background you hear like some as long as
it's pushed to the back of the audio I
think it's okay and I've been in print
like like this is not the first time
that right has done plans from the LA
studio so I'm not surprised to see it's
going well obviously long term I I
disagree in wish that it wasn't done
this way but I mean right now I think
it's fine you know Chad told me I didn't
realize that was really funny and
apparently he said this before but I
just don't watch the dive because we hit
were better but he was saying that World
Finals last year like the casters were
like in a little room like they were
technically at the venue but they
weren't like anywhere that they could
hear the crowd they were just like in a
in a corner office attached to the
stadium and that's who they were gassing
from last really anything like the
amount of times that like casters are
like front centers isn't always the case
despite how much they're all like on I
mean I disagree I don't think they
should be in those situations either I
already actually just like 2014 worlds
where you had the analyst techs sitting
on the
around and you could see like the full
arena behind them I thought that was
really cool yeah I think that should
sing I'm us I'm not saying that like
right they shouldn't be doing that I was
just like I didn't even notice that last
year when in reality they like weren't
really in a huge spot yeah is the
commute to the studio bed probably no
it's like 15 minutes away 15 30 minutes
away without giving hotel occasions away
by little shuttle bus it's pretty easy
to get to and it's kind of tucked away
with a lot of other major shops and mall
areas so it's like a pretty cool
location like I know the studio 4na is
just kind of like its own entity but
this is kind of more like you go to an
event that's kind of like it's like
Century City right
imagine if it's there that's cool um
let's see so mark I was gonna ask you oh
wait hang on let me do well I'll ask you
for predictions on tonight right after I
read off all these subs all right where
are we help ste help as it helped City
Show kill s gala 19 cities
Brooksie 30 fuel-air explosive I thought
you're explosively gonna broke c-32 has
resupply for five months have you guys
heard of you Gigi great sleek stat site
out there one Trudeau's evil Santa 14:23
and took for as so by the way if you
guys haven't seen my announcement video
I will be heading to Worlds on Sunday
I'm gonna be there in time for groups
hang out with my best buddy
doublelift not awfully I know I was I
was trying to build it up so that you
get your hopes up I did get excited yeah
and a bunch of people are changing their
uggg bookmarks my youtube link which is
fucking hilarious so that's cool okay
mark yeah Edward gaming infinity eSports
do you want me to just type them out to
you or it's just go through all of them
go well just one at a time all right
EDG
okay who's who's infinity again infinity
is the Ln they took a lie on spot
rainbow 7 ok ok G 2 verse supermassive
so this one's interesting I think it's G
2 pretty easily but Vettius and razz
disagree whereas actually thinks
supermassive has a chance because he
thinks he Arn is pretty doodoo mm-hmm
yeah we're not duty but like at least
like not good and should be able to be
him yeah which like might be true but
even if it was you still have perks and
wonder which I don't think supermassive
can match up against at all yeah
direwolves infinity infinity because
direwolves had surance yeah we never we
didn't get a chance to talk about that I
guess he can't icon hotline League later
this week but oh I lost your webcam what
it's back your webcam went out again is
it back no it's it's piece of shit ass
software
yeah we didn't get attacked chance to
talk about the shrimp fire thing yep
that poor guy that called in a hotline
leak and was so excited I feel bad for
him dude it was literally the next day
that she came out yeah you know okay
ascension for a pilot so there are they
putting in there like random sub I guess
they have to right yeah yeah it was he's
not actually the dire Cubs strongly
right it's like some other guy
direwolves no I think he was yeah I
think he was listed he wasn't actually
listed as their official sub coming into
the tournament their official sub was
actually their CEO Rippy Rippy right
yeah that was listed but then they just
flew this guy and they're like nope fuck
put them in can you do it owner if the
rules permit that or if they gave them
like a special no I'm pretty sure you
can get an emergency sub in situations
and I would assume a player getting
banned might be one of them would I
don't know yeah yeah hey Chet whenever
can you guys do me a favor when somebody
comes to the chat and asks like his
hotline League not today or are they
taking calls or is Travis going to Korea
do me a favor and just help answer those
questions because that would be super
cool
oh the cat's back the cat really likes
you feeling's not mutual
okay ascension for supermassive wait
yeah I think supermassive but I think
that's actually one of the closest
matchups of the day and then I may in
the law the laws like continues to not
be great your honor it has the matches
on the right side you know okay
direwolves verse Edward gaming I'm
assuming you're gonna say EDG correcto
in g2 over ascension yeah okay this is
part of the reason I
like I'm not trying to under high-plains
but like
I mean to be fair direwolves verse
infinity should have been closed
ascension verse supermassive should be
closed and g2 ver supermassive depending
on how good supermassive is could be
relatively close because sometimes those
guys are almost as good as mid tier
teams from some of the major regions I
just don't think that's g2 yeah I just I
continued had this discussion in the
past I think play and serve a great
purpose but I just I feel like and I I
get that part of the the abilities to
say for like a supermassive or kaboom or
a detonation to say we made it to worlds
instead of like we made it to the world
pre qualifiers or something but I don't
know it's just difficult and people
asked me like why aren't I interviewing
or covering it I just I I was happy that
there were a lot of people watching it
last night but I just I don't think if I
did an interview with like somebody from
one of the teams that not very many
people are familiar with that very many
people would watch it which is too bad
because like there's an opportunity
there to like help raise awareness about
who these players are but I just think
people don't really pay attention to
stuff until a group starts so but by the
way I will say I was very impressed and
pleased that there were like 150k people
watching on twitch last night the first
kind of until like 200 something's
really the second c9 game was second c9
game yeah it's almost I think might be
up to 300 K like people were fucking
scared also the East Coast was waking up
by then yeah but that's I think probably
a results of the rewards program working
like I think people are are incentivized
to come in oh yeah we can talk about
that too
oddly are you excited about the rewards
program you probably don't get to get
any because I don't really think I can
log in from over here you can just go to
the website it's all tape oh it's just
on the website ooh tell me more I'm just
I can't do my world daily quests from
over here watch low sports.com slash
rewards I did it before the broadcast I
got it in my first game you get 500 XP
and 30 worlds tokens
I bought the the world's battle pass
or whatever it's called battle to battle
ticket ticket thing okay what do you get
with it I don't actually know you get
like some chests which are called orbs
and you get some worlds tokens which
you're gonna redeem for some stuff I
think a chromophore Kazakhs is that I
you get you can redeem the tokens for
Chrome Kasich's I believe well world's
pass is what it's called let me see if I
can open it I will buy a hundred thieves
mecha kha'zix and get like their icon
and everything if just just because what
you towards them you're them because we
make fun of them on the show all the
time
no I change right if they make it out of
groups if they be fanatic once I'll be
happy okay I'm covering up ugly
why are you covering mute so that
because I'm putting the little thing on
there five new missions have been added
okay buy more today yeah Bert okay well
that cuz world's past first one the day
when a match made game so I think some
of these are specific to if you have the
world's past yeah yeah
admissions okay oh yeah and then here's
a bunch more go fnatic playing a game
where someone was wearing a fanatics
again a go TPA go SKT wait well that one
doesn't make that much sense well
there's a TPA one but there's also a go
SKT one but if if you go to if you go to
the store though you can see it's
actually really cool there is a ton of
stuff in there like team support bundles
so you can buy a bundle like the cloud
nine gold supporter bundle of which I
don't have enough RP for you get Kazakhs
their championship kazakh skin
or you get champion Kazakhs the champion
shake hammocks chroma their icon an
emote a border like you get you just
swag yourself out with cloud9 stuff I
know this looks like an ad now I was
just saying I'm kind of impressed with
how this stuff works
oh and then the world's pass gives you
an icon for orbs and 200 tokens and then
you can earn additional tokens by
playing the game so this is what I
bought and this is what I get
I've heard that it might not be that
good of a deal I didn't make a
calculation on it what if you play it's
probably worth it well somebody was
saying you had to play a shit-ton for it
to be worth it well did you see all
those fucking missions you had let's see
yeah you have to be playing every day
yeah but somebody was saying you have to
win four games a day every day in order
to get like the crazy thing of which I
forget what it is there's like a crazy
beanie kinda games like do a Rams count
I don't know I think it might be ranked
okay I need a Rams okay sure
if you did you see that you get entered
to get you get entered in a giveaway if
you buy RP with a MasterCard already I
don't know that I have a visa yeah I
don't have a MasterCard but I will say
if they come out with a specific
MasterCard League of Legends product I
would consider getting one challenge
your opponents with skins from previous
World Championships and they're bringing
them back or whatever it's just neat
it's neat to see them doing that stuff
it's very sick oddly do you have any
boats of Caixa skin you get a case of
skin if you do some crazy shit probably
do you got anything for us I'm just
sitting over here reading up on all the
teams for today trying to prep my shit
mark what are you excited about from
ascension let me go to my ascension
notes glad we can all get prepared for
its night together they actually I was
watching them they don't respect
junglers at all like I watched a rise
win a trade underneath
like own turret and then run all the way
up the Blaine chasing the other guy and
then get ganked and killed I don't know
if I'm excited for that they play a lot
of Kerry tops
cool shit mid Knicks are is the former
marksman for gambit if I remember
correctly yeah you got imported so
that's cool well yeah I don't think I'm
expecting very much SCA usually is
pretty duty yeah fingers crossed I want
to see good games I I just I know Travis
you're mentioning like a lot of stuff
just kind of looks like stomps but I
think that we're gonna see some like a
good in close games coming from some of
these teams if Japan was any indication
that regions are slowly getting better
than hopefully we have some really close
games today too
yeah there's always a chance for an
upset sure what else do we have on here
any so far world's production I thought
what's production was fine I think we
talked about that are we hundred tea and
EU haters but I brought the EU went up
are we hundred tea haters they tweeted
that thing at us today
did they tweet it at us or not maybe I
tweeted that we were I linked it in the
Skype we're in so hot line League is the
bookend the beginning in the end of the
most recent heist episode which people
you can go check out and when I say
check out I mean just like search
through the timeline for where hot line
League is cuz you know that's a good
stuff and I don't know are we hot are we
hundred T haters maybe maybe we are 100
T haters I think we might be so like the
part I disagree with is how they always
say like we didn't deserve it or
something which I don't think I've ever
said I've never said it right I don't
think I've ever said that I've just
heavily implied it I didn't even know I
don't think I've even applied I I think
what
said is it's hard to get excited about
them if you're not already a fan about
their like world's appearance hmm
I believe that's the point that I have
made the most of them yeah my point has
always been that I think they are at
most the fourth best team in North
America and that people can understand
me feel awkward about its world where
we're not sending a third best we're
sending the fourth best I don't think
I've even gone that far I think all I
said is that like I mean do you think
that they are the third best team in
North America mark I don't fucking know
I think everything after C 9tl is a
fucking mess
yeah like that series vs TSM like sure
TSM won that little final game but like
did they look definitive did it not look
like on another day 100 years could have
won it if they I don't know to me it
wasn't super definitive so I wasn't like
yeah this is the fourth best team yeah
so I just I don't I just think there's a
what is definitely true is there's just
a lot of pressure on them to perform at
Worlds because I think that they're
gonna get blasted if they don't at least
pit up on a good fight well especially
because they should have a relatively
easy group yeah I mean they are part of
the people making that an easy group but
they should probably get whoever comes
out of Group D from the play-in stage
yeah to sniff or is that you yes are my
cat is fucking with me okay so like I
I've always said I'm personally now
excited they didn't do anything in best
of fives that excited me they've done
some hot and cold stuff with their
roster and I can understand why fans
would not be excited I don't think TSM
deserve to go over them or echo fox or
anything I just said I would have
enjoyed watching those teams more yeah
that makes me that makes me I hate I
don't like to Sloan it I'm a hater I
don't like to say the deserve thing
because like the rules are set up the
way they are like underneath the current
rule set like hundreds he does deserve
to go like you need to perform well in
spring and well
summer if you want to go on circuit
points and they managed to do that so I
think they do deserve to go it's just
yeah I think their consistency and best
of one's throughout spring and summer
it's a great point for why they deserve
to go especially in group stage where
it's all best to ones like yeah you know
I think there's a lot of things and I on
the riot broadcast will still be very
excited to see them play it's an na team
I want us to do well I'm not rooting at
night stone I will be rooting for
hundred team yeah a hundred percent I'm
not gonna buy their pass work or
whatever habits and I are both buying
their pass if they get out of groups if
that's and then and then I will on that
episode of hotline League talk about how
I need to buy their pass and an effort
to drive more subs to the twitch channel
what about if they just beat fnatic at
least they're winning the they need to
get out of room
twitch that you have any questions for
us I was typically questions for oddly
high she's here have you had any good
fun was asking I went to a Korean
7-eleven and bought like those Styrofoam
cup noodle stuff it was not good so the
answer is no no the answer is no Kass
gave me like cuz I didn't know how late
we would actually be finishing the show
we got back to the hotel it may be 11:45
midnight and all the food places were
basically closed so cast our lovely
makeup artist gave me cheese and honey
crackers and I ate those before I passed
out so those are really good whatever
all the questions for Avila are like
fuckin anime or something I gotta know
someone did a good question hype hype
difference between academy and watching
academy and hype difference watching
claims and it's like what those are two
very different things a good question
that sounds like a pat it was it was
like okay dr. pepper pelipper which we
have in the list of stuff we need to
talk about asks what did you think of
the rise video Amelie that was so high
the only person that I couldn't really
make out at the beginning was perks oh
really it was the one that I recognized
I think immediately I mean I recognized
suzy immediately yes it was me in the
beginning or whatever yeah yeah but it
was so cool because I so I wasn't a fan
of last year's worlds video I love the
song legends never die but I just it
looks like it could have been any other
weak cinematic why make it worlds
because it was just a scare in weeks in
kind of their backstories and when I
think worlds I just want to think of the
players I want to think of their
storylines how everyone is like trying
to climb up to the top fight everyone so
that's why I loved the path to the cup
or path to the something the one that
they did back in like 20
14:15 was that the one where they were
like all kind of frozen and there's like
crystals and shit or no are you talking
about the animal I'm talking about the
the one that looked like it was animated
by that was 2013 2013 yeah 13 ovie
tweeted about it money made fun of him
oh he tweeted about it yeah oh boo
booing he tweeted that and money like
him yeah I was like it was a small thing
it was a cute wish I could be surprised
he wasn't really was just like god this
one to be fair was kind of random they
just like did martial arts moves in
front of the camera for 15 seconds each
and there was like yeah but for the time
like I think it came out down like at
the time that was sick it was super hype
the only one that I thought was just
weird was meteos is doing Zach because
he basically just twirled in circles
did a split and then had green blobs
coming out but everything else was good
a lot of them were fucking up let's be
honest weird looking like the fucking
Malphite guy he just jumped in the air
and then like rolled a rock around
Kazakhs looked kind of dumb where
Alexei's she's like doing yeah it was
Kazakhs there were a lot that were kind
of done
skaara with the Gragas barrel chase
hammer swinging through the pillar and
just coming I was like what
well when they all started climbing
that's when it was good when they were
all using their abilities and shit to
climb I thought that was really cool um
somebody was stealing your microphone oh
so I want to keep talking about this
this rise video no no I I did too but
can we pause really quickly because I
just want to make sure we cubby keep
spamming it oh okay
microphone yeah so when I had we have
three people basically talking me the
translator and the player and
unfortunately we only have one mic so I
either need to basically almost like
punch the translator in the face to try
to stretch my arm far enough to give the
mic to the player and snowman in this
situation or yeah okay you can punch her
in the face
thank you I give you permission I've
known omen for a long time like I think
that would be he deserves
I didn't say that I'm just saying well
Travis but but yeah so I think it was
stitch she was just lightly who took the
micro me mm-hmm oh yeah it was great
you didn't care no no it was fine
usually I will never release my
microphone because that's I mean that's
just what you do as an interviewer you
don't give up your microphone unless
it's either Tyler one ripping it out of
your hands or um in a case where it you
just look bad who taught you that
holding it out mmm
Pete white sner my interview teacher my
freshman year of broadcast journalism
Travis cafard taught you that Travis
gaffer had made you he made me shocks he
made everyone in the sea made Peter mm
yes he made Riot Games Marc you want to
talk about rice I really thought that
the video was good I I wasn't sure about
the song at first and then I think after
the second or third time I washed I
decided did really like the song so
jumping back to the legends never die
video I thought it the song worked
really well with the video it just like
oddly said not perfect for worlds like
the idea to like you have put in a ton
of work to get to the moment where you
get to look like a badass obviously
still applies but it was like implied
rather than shown and also the animation
in that one was like a little wonky it
was like kind of like stuttery almost I
don't know how to put it just their
style choice that they went with it like
it's a style I don't think it was poorly
made it's just it was an interesting
style yeah it was an interesting style
that looked bad much like equilibrium
the movie had an interesting take on
martial arts that looked really dumb
after the matrix came out anyways this
one's video was much much better but I
like the song a lot worse I was pretty
disappointed in the song but that's
probably more personal preference yeah
did you only watch her the ones because
I felt like the song kind of grew on me
at first I thought I watched it a bunch
of times it was just like I know the
Word Alive
I know Glitch Mob
when I saw those two names in my head
I'm like they're gonna make some kind of
like edgy your song here and then it was
just like pretty generic mm-hmm I'm with
you on that
well anyone could have made that song
there was there's nothing to me that was
like oh that was the word alive
well okay that's fine and that's like I
said that's more personal preference
because I've listened to the Word Alive
in the past and I'm like oh shit are
they gonna like throw a scream in here
something like no I but that's I don't
want that I don't want them to scream
but like you might not but there's
actually a pretty large well I'm not
saying the whole thing has to be fucking
scream oh but like a pretty large
portion of the league audience likes
Linkin Park
yeah but I so but I listened to some
glitch Bob and it feels like if it was
that song was in line with a lot of what
clips what Glitch Mob does it was closer
to glitch Schwab streets for sure I mean
it also the bigger name no surprise what
was I gonna say that oh yeah I'm not I'm
not saying I think they necessarily
should have gone super like edgy because
this is supposed to be your
representative thing to everyone right
to the world but I said some change the
fact I was disappointed that when I saw
those names that was the song that came
out of it real Fox to give to the
subsonic Alan thank you they can help
we're live I don't care about fucking
things
shox roasted you today somebody says I
don't I don't know that's what volscian
one says she made fun of me for like
saying I don't care if sinon loses
because we can just hopefully beat
someone in Dodge Group B yeah I'll shoot
I think yeah if she doesn't like take
issue is more just like I forget exactly
it was like 7:00 a.m. at that point I'm
waking up in the morning I the only
thing I wish a little differently about
rice like I completely accept this
because I think
still worked well but the only thing
that I wish wasn't the case was that it
was basically telling the story of last
year's worlds yeah but that's the thing
so I don't have a good answer for it I'm
just saying it's weird to hype up the
upcoming battle by showing last year's
battle I think to that point they could
have incorporated the final 20 seconds
of the video
earlier and better with more end with
more hype because like the song peaks
and climaxes obviously with ambition
beating faker and then like joining the
group and getting his own statue and it
shows all the other worlds contestants
yeah coming for this year's worlds but
by that point the songs already like
trailing off and everything you know so
to your point maybe they could have done
a better job incorporating those scenes
as they all begin there at their rise
but you know I still thought it was
pretty fucking dope it was one of the
few times that did like the weak
cinematic action actually just looks so
fucking cool to fight with the goddamn
grass getting cut is so cool
I loved I love anything that has a bunch
of mark is there any way we can can you
tilt your camera down or you're slowly
losing you this happens frequently
I like anything that has a lot of like
hidden meanings and references or
whatever so like when you just look at
the description where people are
figuring out oh this is a reference to
then like Ozzy
they lost twice but then made it out and
he doesn't like B to Z he likes just
escapes cuz it's like you're the whole
group stage thing or whatever yeah these
eyes at the end yeah I thought it was
really cool I liked all those too
you and I are both big name of the winds
fan so we're just like yeah yes exactly
mark I was wrong earlier I actually do
think it the cameras in a better
situation before have the lighting here
is not it's a little just yeah I think
the cameras just having our time because
it doesn't do well on the lowered
lighting of your armpit unfortunately so
if we could just send it back that would
be mmm that would be good things can
always be worse Travis I hope you learn
your lesson
I just never proved anything because it
can always go get worse we call this the
Riot Games be Riot Games all right it's
been about an hour of the show let me
we'll wrap it up here in a second let me
shout out a couple people where were we
before show kill Escala 19:6 Brooksie 32
are you so that when Trudeau's evil
Santa 4023 took four bloods Pointe
public Allah gives us up to DeRay
awfully congratulations I've leak and
now use your own emote League of Emily
valo Spamalot 159 peace loves Lomo for
eight months woohoo
Brendan fun again for five and Harry
Houdini legal Emily by the way he's been
a stuff for ten months
I don't know she's paid for any of that
don't know she's paid for any of that
red dragon LOL just subbed six months in
a row by the way guys all these over
there in Korea you know she's getting
locked into malls
stuff I thought maybe hair at the end of
the show we could all spam habla emotes
I have my own emote look it's me
that's a co spam your SOT lovelyz in the
chat spam your SOT ah voice let's go
great I see a lot more sotl of Lee's
than oddly sweats you know what I
haven't streamed in a while okay alright
lilius with the twitter anthem I'm in
Korea alright so same time right it
starts off at 1:00 yeah well we will see
how things go in just a little bit again
I'm leaving on Sunday for those that are
losing their mind over stuff East XT
with the twitch prime sub my only good
emote is sotl cool what the hell I feel
cool which was that one that's the one
where I've got the sunglasses on
actually do you arrive I arrive Monday
night hanging is easily the best one
that you have yeah I think I love it as
I want more I need to figure out more
interactive emotes cuz the yes and the
hang up one is really good a flank
straight it to Busan or no I we wrote
and I have to fly into Seoul and then we
have to take a train to Busan because
there was not an good one way or sorry
direct flights we're all on the train as
well yeah I mean it should be okay I'm
just I'm worried about the travel and
all like it's likes to get off a plane
and then to have to take a train into
Seoul I'm gonna have to take a train
from Seoul to Busan Julia tried to help
me with it and she was only moderately
helpful it was not great
yeah it's it travel sounds like it's
gonna be pretty booty make slap TV with
the twist pram thank you and then we go
to Japan you're going to Japan yeah I
told you about this I thought you said
Brown is going to Japan I didn't know
that you were yeah yeah I'm going with
him for three days and then he's
sticking along round longer do you have
the IRL backpack I have not received one
and last night
it's unlikely that I will get one I
don't think I'm getting one either sad
phones
hey crazy data rate my iphone still like
my iPhone I can't even update to iOS 10
like my phone won't let me it's a six
but it won't let me I have a Samsung
Galaxy s5 means I'm prehistoric yeah
yeah Tokyo I'm gonna go to the Akihabara
which I believe is uh go to ek
Bouguereau instead cuz Akio I used to be
like that oh wow that's the electric
city it's so cool but UK before knows
way cooler that in Shibuya or as you
call it she juje was it this is my son
like a pronunciation thing that's just
the wrong word yeah sex hotels for the
winds is killing me him is burn I'm
gonna take you to a love hotel I don't
know her brother soon yeah I actually
we've done zero planning for that part
of the trip we don't have a hotel or
anything so okay depending on how much
stuff you're carrying you can actually
just use love hotels with actual hotels
they're so cheap overnight I don't think
I am going I think we will have a ton of
stuff for caring but they're cool you
gotta you gotta have serious at least
once do you need a prostitute err you
just need to want to go to the hotel no
you can do it with Brodin or something
but like the hotels are so swanky they
have like hot tubs and like that like
hot tubs or bathtubs or indoor pools how
do you know as much about love hotels
because I am a woman of culture mark you
have any shoutouts any plugs anything
you want to say at the end of the show
does this show deserve that although you
have any shoutouts plugs anything you
want to say at the end of this
hey everyone hope you enjoyed this
episode of not line League
thanks to awfully for joining us and for
mark's cat first showing up as well he's
I in the litter box
always nice hopefully everything goes
well for you in Korea
Bob Lee and I will see you next week I'm
going to stop recording now thanks
everyone for watching this episode
online League the real hotline League
will be on Thursday hopefully